I have one question though.
Are you married?
Hey, grandpa, why are you asking people about this privacy?
Okay, normal brother, hurry up and leave.
Otherwise my grandpa will talk more later
Grandpa
What are you doing?
What are you doing pushing such a nice guy out?
Grandpa
The long brother seems to be Sister Cher's husband
Last time I participated in the company's liquor store because of
I didn't go to become Sister Cher's big night
We seem to be still in the same hotel
I still met Brother Huang there
That girl from the Wang family
Don't pick men
It's a good match.
I'm not sure yet?
Try harder.
Try to bring her back to the morning market
You ignored it
Zhang Fan, we also work hard every day.
Please don't come back for dinner in the future
You say
You don't answer the phone
I don't know what you're up to
My phone is on silent.
You don't have to prepare dinner for me anymore
I'll eat out.
Eating out?
Really think our money is blown by the wind
Let you squander at will
I never said I eat on my own
Mom, look at him like that, you don't care about him
I see.
But he is related to our family, I understand today
I said his company
Mom, I'm just asking you to make rules for him
Didn't say what to do
If it really doesn't work
Let's stop together
Anyway, when he comes back tomorrow
I won't let you in
Yes, it really shouldn't be their rules